=head1 NAME

Hub::Data::FileCache - 

=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 PUBLIC METHODS

=head2 fattach

=over 4

=item Attach an instance of a class to a file.



 Usage: fattach $filename, $class


C<$class> must implement the method C<reload>


Returns a hash of:


  lastread    # mod time last time we read it
  filename    # name
  lines       # ARRAY of lines in the file
  handlers    # HASH of attached classes


The instance is a singleton.



=back

=head2 fhandler

=over 4

=item Get the file handler for a given file


 Usage: fhandler $filename, $classname
 Usage: fhandler $filename
In its first form, we will return the handler for the given class name.

In its second form, we will return all handlers for the given file.



=back

=head2 finstance

=over 4

=item Get the cache instance for a specific file


 Usage: finstance - $filename


=back

=head2 frefresh

=over 4

=item Signal handlers to reparse


 Usage: frefresh [$filename], [options]


options:


  -force=>1         Force re-reading all
  -force_dirs=>1    Force re-reading of directories


Without a $filename, B<all> file instances are checked for disk modifications.

If the file has been modified, re-read the file and tell all your handlers to
reparse themselves via the C<reload> method.



With a $filename, only handlers for the specific filename are signaled to
reparse.



=back

=head2 fread

=over 4

=item Modify the provided instance to reflect what is on disk.



 Usage: fread $instance


C<$instance> must be the special hash returned by L<finstance>
If all handling classes implement the C<delay_reading> function, and they all
return a true value, we will not read file.



=back



=head1 AUTHOR

Ryan Gies (ryangies@livesite.net)


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2006-2007 by Livesite Networks, LLC. All rights reserved.

Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Ryan Gies. All rights reserved.


Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not 
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a 
product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be 
appreciated but is not required.

* Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be 
misrepresented as being the original software.

* The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

To the best of our knowledge, no patented algorithms have been used. However, we
do not have the resources to carry out a patent search, and therefore cannot 
give any guarantee of the above statement.


=head1 UPDATED

08/02/2007

=cut
