=head1 NAME

Hub::Base::Config - 

Part of the L<Hub Library|hublib>

=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 METHODS

=begin html

<table><tr><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_addsourcepath">addSourcePath</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getimagepath">getImagePath</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getworkingdirs">getWorkingDirs</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_popworkingdir">popWorkingDir</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_setconst">setConst</a>

</td></tr><tr><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_addtargetsourcepath">addTargetSourcePath</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getprops">getProps</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_init">init</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_pushworkingdir">pushWorkingDir</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_swapworkingdirs">swapWorkingDirs</a>

</td></tr><tr><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_get">get</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getresource">getResource</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_loadconfigdir">loadConfigDir</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_refresh">refresh</a>

</td></tr><tr><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getcommonimagepath">getCommonImagePath</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getresourcepath">getResourcePath</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_loadconfigfile">loadConfigFile</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_rmsourcepath">rmSourcePath</a>

</td></tr><tr><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getconst">getConst</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_getsourcepath">getSourcePath</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_new">new</a>

</td><td>
<a class="methlink" href="#item_rmtargetsourcepath">rmTargetSourcePath</a>

</td></tr></table>

=end html


=over 4

=item addSourcePath

B<>

  Add a path to the list of source paths.  Call's to the getSourcePath()
  will get files from these added paths.



  Paths are added to the beginning of the list, thus having precedence to
  existing paths.



  $class->addSourcePath( path )

=back

=over 4

=item addTargetSourcePath

B<>

addTargetPath( $path )


Add a path to the list of target paths.  Call's to the getSourcePath()
will get files from these added paths.



Paths are added to the beginning of the list, thus having precedence to
existing paths.


=back

=over 4

=item get

B<>

  Retreive a runtime constant


  $class->get( "key:subkey:subsubkey" );
  $class->get( "key", "default" );



=back

=over 4

=item getCommonImagePath

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item getConst

B<>

  Retreive a runtime constant


  $class->getConst( key )
  $class->getConst( key, default )



=back

=over 4

=item getImagePath

B<>

get a path to an existing image.  first try the website path, then the common
one.


=back

=over 4

=item getProps

B<>

 Usage: getProps


return the properties hash reference

=back

=over 4

=item getResource

B<>

 Usage: getResource( $type, $name, $filename )


Find the relative path to the specified resource.



  $type       Can be 'sound', 'image', 'video', or 'data'
  $name       Is the source name such as: 'img-logo-main'
  $filename   Is the filename of the resource.



If $name is empty, we will look in the base directory of all locations.

If $filename is empty, we will return the first matching directory.


=back

=over 4

=item getResourcePath

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item getSourcePath

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item getWorkingDirs

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item init

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item loadConfigDir

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item loadConfigFile

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item new

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item popWorkingDir

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item pushWorkingDir

B<>



=back

=over 4

=item refresh

B<>

 Usage: refresh()


Throughout the life of a request, many things get shoved in here.  Like
screen values and user preferences.  Hence, this method to re-init is
called at the beginning of each request.  Which is good, since it also
re-reads the *.conf files from disk if they have been modified.




=back

=over 4

=item rmSourcePath

B<>

Remove a source path



=back

=over 4

=item rmTargetSourcePath

B<>

Remove a target source path



=back

=over 4

=item setConst

B<>

  Retreive a runtime constant


  $class->setConst( key, value )



=back

=over 4

=item swapWorkingDirs

B<>



=back

=head1 INTERNAL

=begin html



=end html

=head1 AUTHOR



Ryan Gies

=head1 COPYRIGHT



Copyright (c) 2006 Livesite Networks, LLC.  All rights reserved.

Copyright (c) 2000-2005 Ryan Gies.  All rights reserved.

=head1 UPDATED

This file created by  on  at 

=cut
