=head1 NAME

hubaddr - Data addresses

=head1 SYNOPSIS

      use Hub;
      tie my %data, Hub::knot('Nest');
      $data{'/root'} = {
        list => [qw(A B C)],
      };

      # Add a value to the array
      $$data{'/root/list/3'} = 'D';

      # Get a value from the array
      print "First element is: $$data{'/root/list/0'}\n";

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Addresses are the syntax used to reference nested data.  Addresses are delimited
by the solidus (/) character.  Where an element of a nested perl data structure 
may be referred to as:

  $hash->{'h1'}->{'h2'}->{'name'}

The same value would be addressed as:

  /h1/h2/name

Array elements are accessed by thier index:

  $data{'/array'} = ['zero', 'one', 'two'];
  die unless 'one' eq $data{'/array/1'};

The Hub library exports the variable $Hub by default.  It is an extension of
the nested data type which transcends the filesystem.  Meaning that you may
access files beneath your current working directory in this same manner:

  $$Hub{'/conf/somefile.conf'}

Would return the File object for the file C<./conf/somefile.conf>.  When using
L<selectors|selectors>, one may iterate over an array of files by specifying

  $$Hub{'/conf/{.conf$}'}



=head1 SELECTORS

Selectors are used to match keys in the address.  A selector takes the forms:

  {keyname comparator value}
  {regex}

Where:

  keyname     Name of the element to compare
  comparator  Comparison operator*
  value       Comparison value
  regex       A regular expression

*See L<Hub::compare|Hub::Perl::Compare/compare>

Given:



=head1 AUTHOR

Ryan Gies (ryangies@livesite.net)


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2006-2007 by Livesite Networks, LLC. All rights reserved.

Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Ryan Gies. All rights reserved.


Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not 
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a 
product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be 
appreciated but is not required.

* Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be 
misrepresented as being the original software.

* The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

To the best of our knowledge, no patented algorithms have been used. However, we
do not have the resources to carry out a patent search, and therefore cannot 
give any guarantee of the above statement.


=head1 UPDATED

06/09/2007

=cut
