=head1 NAME

=begin html

<p id="packagename">hubsplit - Hub Variation of AutoSplit</p>

=end html

=begin text

hubsplit - Hub Variation of AutoSplit

=end text


=head1 SYNOPSIS

Hub modules are split using the C<#!BulkSplit> and C<#!AutoSplit> directives.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=over 4

=item #!BulkSplit

BulkSplit splits the module into two pieces, considered the HEADER and the
CONTENT on the line where #!BulkSplit appears.  The intention is to delay loading
the content of a module until it is needed, but don't split up every function.
This is useful for optimizing modules which are used less frequently, but when 
they are you might as well load the whole thing because you're going to need it.

Everything before the BulkSplit directive is the HEADER, and placed in the 
normal .pm library file.  Everything below the directive is the CONTENT, and 
placed in the auto/module_path/Module.al file.  Also, the 
auto/module_path/Module.ix is created.

Inserts method AUTOLOAD into the actual .pm file.

Inserts a method with the B<same> name as the package into the .al file:

  package My::Helper::Module;

Would have a routine:

  sub Module {
  }

inserted into C<auto/My/Helper/Module/Module.al>.

=back

=over 4

=item #!AutoSplit

The AutoSplit directive also divides the file into HEADER and CONTENT.  But this
time the content is also placed in the normal .pm file, just that it goes below
the __END__ maker like it's suppose to.  This short cut to AutoSplit lets the code
reside in it's "normal" place, instead of below the __END__ marker.  In my version
of Vim, everything after __END__ is color-coded like a comment, so this helps me :)

=back


=head1 AUTHOR


Ryan Gies

=head1 COPYRIGHT


Copyright (c) 2006 Livesite Networks, LLC.  All rights reserved.

Copyright (c) 2000-2005 Ryan Gies.  All rights reserved.

=head1 UPDATED

This file created by mkdocs.pl on 8/29/2006 at 2:07pm

=cut
