=head1 NAME

hubtest - Hub Library Testcase Extraction

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Test cases are embedded in source code.  This helps code stability by allowing 
the maintainer to comprehend and update method APIs.  Moreover, testcase 
extraction allows the correct usage to be detailed in the documentation (which 
is likely easier to understand than the author's description.)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Tests are extracted from the source-code comments.  The beginning of the test 
is identified by '#|test(...)', and continues on all consecutive lines which 
begin with '#|':

    #|test(false)   my $var = "abc";
    #|              $var =~ /[A-Z]/;

Alternatively, test blocks may be in POD syntax, as:

    =test(false)

        my $var = "abc";
        $var =~ /[A-Z]/;

    =cut

=head2 Test types

Test types (the word within parenthesis) are restricted to the following:

    [!]true     returns a true value
    [!]false    returns a false value
    [!]defined  returns a defined value
    [!]abort    aborts via die|carp|croak|...
    [!]match    (see below)
    [!]regex    like 'match', except the pattern is considered a regex

When the type is [!]match, the result of the test is listed after the test,
and prefixed with '#~'.  Decorative white-space is removed from lines which
begin with '#|' or '#~':

    #|test(match)   my ($state) = $address =~ /([A-Z][A-Z]), \\d+\\Z/;
    #|              return $state;
    #| 
    #~              WA
    #~

Additionally, C<[!]match> test results may be written on the test-line:

    #|test(match,ABC) uc('abc')

=head2 POD Syntax

Test blocks in POD syntax, use '=result' to specify the result:

    =test(match)

        uc('abc');

    =result

        ABC

    =cut

=head2 White space

If the decorative white-space is critical in testing the return value, we use
'#=' instead of '#~':

    #|test(match)   my $fh = IO::File->new();
    #|              open $fh, "</etc/passwd" or die "$\!: /etc/passwd";
    #|              my @lines = <$fh>;
    #|              close $fh;
    #|              map { print $_ } @lines;
    #~
    #=SYSTEM:*:18:544:,S-1-5-18::
    #=Administrators:*:544:544:,S-1-5-32-544::
    #=...
    #~

POD syntax always removes the decorative white-space.

The '#|', '#~', and '#=' identifiers must be at the beginning of the line.  This
these considered a normal comments:

    ##| Does not match "^#"
      #| White-space (indenting) not honored

=head2 Documentation

For documentation purposes, the test may have a one-line summary, which is
formed when either: The test-line only contains a comment

    #|test(match) # Test for empty files
    #|...

Or, the test is a single line which ends with a comment:

    #|test(true) my $s = "Abc"; $s =~ /\A[A-Z][a-z]+\Z/; # Capital word

In this second case, the triggering pattern is C<';\s*#\s*(.*)\Z'>, meaning
that the semicolon (;) before the comment is crucial.


=head1 EXAMPLES

Four ways to do the same thing:

    #|test(match,ABC) uc('abc')

    #|test(match) uc('abc')
    #=ABC

    =test(match,ABC) uc('abc')
    =cut

    =test(match) uc('abc')
    =result ABC
    =cut



=head1 AUTHOR

Ryan Gies (ryangies@livesite.net)


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2006-2007 by Livesite Networks, LLC. All rights reserved.

Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Ryan Gies. All rights reserved.


Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not 
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a 
product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be 
appreciated but is not required.

* Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be 
misrepresented as being the original software.

* The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

To the best of our knowledge, no patented algorithms have been used. However, we
do not have the resources to carry out a patent search, and therefore cannot 
give any guarantee of the above statement.


=head1 UPDATED

08/02/2007

=cut
