=head1 NAME

hubuse - Using the Hub library

=head1 SYNOPSIS

The Hub module represents functions and classes which are implemented in 
descendant packages.  Hub dynamically loads modules according to the parameters
it is I<use>d with.


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Don't use the underlying modules directly:

  use Hub::Base::FileSystem;    # Wrong
  use Hub;                      # Correct

  my $parser = Hub::Parse::FileParser->new('my.template');    # Wrong
  my $parser = Hub::mkinst('FileParser', 'my.template');      # Correct

Without getting into gory detail, this non-standard approach is in place for
three reasons:

  1)  Allow the library to be refactored (maintained) without impacting existing
      code.

  2)  We don't want to short-circut Perl's built-in require functionality which
      would be necessary, were we to support direct underlying module usage.

  3)  We only want to load underlying modules when they are needed.  We want to
      group related modules in the same subdirectory. The subdirectory name 
      will then be used as the import tag which loads its modules.

=head2 Module Directory Structure

By default, Hub tries to be as efficient as possible, only loading packages
which are necessary.

Subdirectories are used to group exported modules.  Underneath the
root (Hub) directory, are sub-directories which represent the export tag
of which the underlying modules should be represented.  

    Hub/:
      |-Base/:
      |-Util/:
      `-Webapp/:

Descendant packages maintain their exported symbols in their EXPORT_OK array.
The Hub module proxies these exported symbols, thus requiring all descendant-
exported symbols to be unique.

Classes are created with the Hub::mkinst using their short-name.  Thus
requiring them to be unique (to other classes):

  1. Hub::Custom::Class.pm       # defines function 'new'
  2. Hub::Another::Class.pm      # doesn't define 'new'
  3. Hub::Yetagain::Class.pm     # also defines 'new'

#1 and #3 will clash because they are both classes, but either can be used
with #2 simultaneously.



=head1 AUTHOR

Ryan Gies (ryangies@livesite.net)


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2006-2007 by Livesite Networks, LLC. All rights reserved.

Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Ryan Gies. All rights reserved.


Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not 
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a 
product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be 
appreciated but is not required.

* Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be 
misrepresented as being the original software.

* The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

To the best of our knowledge, no patented algorithms have been used. However, we
do not have the resources to carry out a patent search, and therefore cannot 
give any guarantee of the above statement.


=head1 UPDATED

08/02/2007

=cut
